Create ui-c8y-1019-16-1-new-versions-for-plugins-are-no-longer-marked-as-latest-5770.md (#1860)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1019-16-1-new-versions-for-plugins-are-no-longer-marked-as-latest-5770.md

---
date: ""

> title: New versions for plugins are no longer marked as latest. (#5770) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5874)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: New plugin versions are no longer automatically marked as latest
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57691
version: 1019.16.1
---

> New versions for plugins are no longer marked as latest. (#5770) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5874)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the past, when a new version of a plugin was uploaded, it was automatically marked as the latest version. This caused issues for users who had older versions of the plugin installed, as they would unexpectedly receive the new version. With this change, new plugin versions will no longer be automatically marked as latest. This gives users more control over when they update their plugins. Existing installations using older plugin versions will not be impacted, while new installations will need to explicitly select the desired version.
```
